10. Add cart functionality in the cart.hbs file:
    (c) In index.hbs implement Buy functionality:
    i. Disable the Buy button if no user has signed in. In this case,
    use ../ to access parent content (see Practice 2 Tips).
    ii. Show number of cart items in the navigation bar (navbar.hbs).
    iii. Add 1 product to the shopping cart. Tip: pass product id to
    Model.buy function.
    A. If the product exists in the shopping cart, then add 1 to the
    product item quantity (do not insert a new product item into
    the cart).
    B. If the product does not exist in the shopping cart, then add
    a new product item in the shopping cart.
    (d) In cart.hbs, develop Delete One and Delete All functionality.
    Note that items cannot have 0 in qty. Therefore, when the qty
    property is set to 0, the item must be deleted from the list.
    (e) Remember to update item lists, cart badge, total amounts, etc.
11. Add Purchase functionality in the purchase.hbs file:
    (a) Disable the Purchase menu item if user has not signed in navbar.hbs.
    (b) Show purchase form only if the shopping cart has items, or show “No
    items in shopping cart” otherwise, in purchase.hbs.
    (c) Validate card number, card owner and address fields to be required fields using feedback information (see Practice 2 Tips) in purchase.hbs.
    (d) Add an order to the user orders collection defining the Model.purchase
    function that returns an order. Remember to include number (generated using new Date().getTime(), for instance), date, address,
    cardHolder, and cardNumber. Items from the shopping cart
    should become order items and their price should be copied from
    the product (see UML class diagram from Seminar 2).
    (e) After adding the order to the user’s orders collection, navigate to
    the order /order/id/order.number (this Web page is implemented
    below).
12. Add Order functionality in the order.hbs file:
    (a) Show order contents according to the /order/id/order.number URL
    path (e.g., /order/id/1603359246206) where 1603359246206 defines
    the order number of the order to be displayed).
    (b) Check after Purchase function to see an order.
13. Add Profile functionality in the profile.hbs file:
    (a) Disable Profile menu item in the navbar.hbs file if no user has signed
    in.
    (b) Show signed in user information.
    3
    i. Define a helper to format birth date as m/d/yyyy (e.g., 7/1/1977
    for July 1st, 1977).
    (c) Show user’s orders:
    i. Format order date as m/d/yyyy (e.g., 7/1/1977 for July 1st,
    1977).
    ii. Show “No orders yet” if the user has not made any order instead
    of the order table and heading.
    iii. Check after Purchase function to see orders.
    (d) Implement Details button to show order details. When pressed, it
    should navigate to /order/id/order.number URL. Tip: Pass number to locate the order in the URL (see Practice 2 Tips).
14. Add File not found functionality in not-found.hbs file (see Practice 2
Tips).